1. start a match forecast.
	1). deposit 100 tokens to be a host. (influencers, or anyone)
	2). declare a match: match type(electrical game, ping pang, running), match name, match time, location, players(team or person, two or many - array), website (living show)
	3). many people can declare the same match
	4). other people join match forecast with u, to predict which team or person win the match. then people who are right about match result wins u from those who are wrong.
	5) match finish: hosts record result on contract. there is a chanllenge period during which participants who bet wrong challenge the result.
	6). the final result is decided by official websites, results from host. Considering results as whole, in case any error souces exist. official websites account for 50% of the weight, hosts account for another 50%. if 20% of the results are inconsistent, coming into challenging stage. 
	5). after chanllenge period: right people withdraw their bet, and share u from wrong.
	6). if there are some participants who lose and challenge the result. first, chanllengers need to deposit some u, normally 10 percent of their stake, 1 at least, as punishment for bad intent.  if number of challengers is bigger than 50% total number of loser and total deposit reaches 5 percent of total losing u, the result will be judged by administrator. if challengers successd, they win all u back; if they failed, then lose all deposit and deposit fee of challenging next time raise to 20%, each failed challenging raises challenging feeing by 10%.


2. host of match:
	1). many hosts can host a match
	2). host's profit comes from participants who bet on host's setting up match and lose, 2% of total lose. anther 2% goes to administrator for running the whole program and gas cost.
	3). there ares two ratings on host: first, right result set rate, 100% should be maintained; second, how long host takes to setup result after match. the earlier the better. Since host setup result, then winners get u back.
	4). higher rating attracts more participants bet on his/her matches, as a result, host get more reward.
	5). if host setup wrong result, he/she lose deposit, wouldn't earn 2% losing amount, right rating decreased.
	6). if host does not setup result for some reasons, the result would be setup automatically 10 minutes after result made. host can declare follow main result, but lose timing rating.
	7). host need to take identity anthentication.



3. match players
	1) two: win versus lose. 
	2) one versus others: score set: ..., 3:1, 2:1, 1:1, 0:0 1:2, 1:3, ...